ٙAlice would gain 54 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alice would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
AlBBe would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Aicle would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
FrankAlice would lose 44 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alice would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
zAlBob would gain 2 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
EryBob would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to ic.
David would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
DaJJJJJJJJJJJJJJvid would gain 85 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Da would gain 27 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alike would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alice would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would lose 21 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Alice would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Bob would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Bob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to ic.
Davod would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
David would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to orge.
Davice would gain 11 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would lose 44 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Alice would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
zAlBob would gain 2 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
EryBob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to ic.
Davit would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Mall would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
MysEry would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Manlory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallory would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Mallnry would gain4 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Ali would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Bob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to ic.
David would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Datid would gain 27 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Davmd would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Mal.
Oallory would gain 7 happiness units by sitting next to George.
