



Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to  Eric.
Alice would lose 44 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Alice would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to Georglice.
Bob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Bob would lose 31 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Bob would gain 72 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Bob would lose 25 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Bob would lose 95 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Bob would gain 11 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Carol would lose 83 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Carol would gain 35 happiness units by sitting next to David.
AliceCarol would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Carol would gain 61 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Caroj would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Carol would gain 29 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
David would gain 67 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
David would gain 25 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would gain 48 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
David would lose 65 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
David would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
David would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to George.
David would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Eric would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
eric would lose 39 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Eric would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Eric would lose 98 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Eric would lose 20 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Eric would lose 6 happiness units by sitting next to Gerge.
Eric would gain 60 happiness units by sitting next to M.
Frank would gain 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Frank would gain 79 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Frank would gain 88 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Frank would gain 33 happiness units by sitting next to David.





