NrankAlice would gain 54 happiness units by sitting next to Carovid.
Bob would gain 72 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
GeoΉ would lose 14 happiness units by sitting next to Mysel.
Bob would lose 12 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
FrfnkBob would lose 95 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Beb would gain 11 happiness units by sitting next to  Alice.
CarolCarol would gain 61 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Capol would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to GeoOeo.
Carol would gain 29 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
David would gain 34 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
GeorgDavid would gain 25 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would gain 48 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
kysǶǶٙBobAe would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
zAlBob would gain 2 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
EryBob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to ic.
David would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to ank.
DaJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJvid would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to G.
Da would gain 27 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alike would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Adice would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Aclie would lose4 happiness units by sitting next to George.
k would gain 73 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Frank would lose 3 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
GexΉ would lose 14 happiness units by sitting next to MyselfAlice.
Ged would gain 48 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Mysel would lose 65 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
CarolDaviDavid would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to George.
David would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Eric would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Ilice.
Eric would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Erib would gain 83 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Eric would lose 98 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Eric would lose 6 happiness units by sitting next to George.
EricnAle would gain 54 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
AYm would lose2 happiness units by sitting next to A.
gzob would lose 7happiness units by sitting next to i.
Lavcm would lose1 happiness units by sitting next to A.
ob would lose 7happiness units by sitting next to o.
Dae would gain 7 happiness units by sitting next to r.
e would gain 94 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Bzice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to AlIke.
Aliciby would lose4 happiness units by sitting next to Ge.
ge would lose 62 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Oeorge would lose 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
George would lose 17 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
EricMallory would lose 36 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Mallory would gain 76 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Maldory would lose 34 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Mallory would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Maborge would lose 12 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
			rge would lose 52 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
George would gain 14 happiness units by sitting next to David.
MeorBobge would lose 62 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Oeorge would lose 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
George would lose 17 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
EricMallory would lose 36 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Mallory would gain 76 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Maldory would lose 34 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Mallory would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Mablory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Maluory would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Mallory would gain 7 happiness units by sitting next to George.
