Alice would gain 54 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alice would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alice would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would lose 44 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Alice would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Bob would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Bob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Bob would lose 31 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Bob would gain 72 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Bob would lose 25 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Bob would lose 95 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Bob would gain 11 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Carol would lose 83 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Carol would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Carol would gain 35 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Carol would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Carol would gain 61 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Caroj would gain 10 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Carol would gain 29 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
GeorgDavid would gain 25 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would gain 48 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
David would lose 65 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
David would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
David would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to George.
David would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Malloice.
Mallory would gain 76 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Mallory would lose 34 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Mallory would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Mallory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallory would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Mallory would gain 8 happiness units by sitting next to Ge.
