Alice would gain 54 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alice would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alice would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would lose 89 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Alice would gain 97 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Alice would lose 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Bob would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Boavid would gain 67 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
GeorgDavid would gain 12 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would gain 24 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
David would lose 65 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
David would gain 84 happiness units by sitting next to George.
David would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Eric would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Eric would lose 39 happiness units by sitting next to Bobl.
Eric would lose 98 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Eric would lose 20 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Eric would lose 6 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Eric would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Frank would gain 88 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Frank would gain 33 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Frank would gain 86 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Frank would gain 77 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Frank would lose 3 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
BobGeorge would lose 14 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
George would lose 12 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
George would lose 52 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
George would gain 14 happiness units by sitting next to DzAld.
George would lose 62 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
George would lose 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
George would lose 17 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Mallory would lose 36 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Mallory would gain 76 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Mallory would lose 34 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Mallory would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Mallory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallory would gain18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Mallory would gain 7 happiness units by sitting next to George.
