



Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alice would gain 94 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Bob would gain 3 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Bob would lose 70 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Bob would lose 31 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Bob would gain 72 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Bob would lose 25 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Bob would lose 95 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Bob would gain 11 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Carol would lose 83 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Carol would gain 35 happiness units by sitting next to Davidry.
Mall would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Ery would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to G.
Dc would gain 27 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
Alike would lose 81 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Alice would lose 42 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Alicd would gain 89 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Alice would lose40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallozy would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to Fraik.
Maulory would gain 7 happiness units by sitting next to George.
vid would gain 9 happiness units by sitting next to Mallory.
Mall would lose 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Ery would gain 37 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Manlory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallory would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to David.
Manlory would gain 40 happiness units by sitting next to Eric.
Mallory would gain 18 happiness units by sitting next to Frank.
Ma would lose 6 happiness units by sitting next to George.
Eric would gain 60 happiness units by sitting next to Mal.
Frank would gain 51 happiness units by sitting next to Alice.
Frank would gain 79 happiness units by sitting next to Bob.
David would gain 88 happiness units by sitting next to Carol.
Frank would gain 33 happiness units by sitting next to David.





